Mads, 20010606

A quick note on how scores should/is calculated and games terminated
especially in team mode.

* Non-team mode

If a tank is hitted, the owner of the missile (a player) should get
points and money, unless the owner of the missile is also the owner of
the tank.

Currently this is handled in TTank::Explosion(TExplosion * Explosion),
like this

    if (Explosion->owner) {
      if (Explosion->owner != owner) {
	Explosion->owner->money += (int) rint(taken_damage * 100) / 2;
	Explosion->owner->score += (int) rint(taken_damage * 100) / 2;
      }
    }

The variable taken_damage is calculated before this section of code,
in TTank::Explosion(). owner is the tanks owner.

In a round, the next player is found in TGame::NextPlayer(). The order
of the players are determined in TGame::RoundStart()

Obviously a non-team round is over, when only a sole survivor
exists. This is currently quite messy to figure out, and is done in
TGame, using the method TGame::NextPlayer()

* Team-mode

In team mode, a player hitting a tank on another team, should be
awarded the points and money as usual. However, should he hit a player
on the same team, his score should be reduced similarly. (Maybe even
below 0. Should we allow the money to be reduced? Maybe even go below
zero?)

To be able to calculate the damage, it is sufficient to have a test
for wheter two owners are on the same team or not:

/* Returns true if the players are on the same team */
bool TGame::OnSameTeam(TPlayer * a, TPlayer * b)

When the order for players have to be calculated, it should be such
that players from the different teams should interleave(? Possibly
not, since there may be a different number of players on each team).

When the next player has to be found, the check for game over is
performed, and should check for the existance of more than a single
team: A team game round is over, when only a single team exists. 

The way the team score is calculated is by adding the scores of the
menbers. This is not done untill the game over screen.

If we are to modify the score calculations such that other parameters
are to be used, this should be done by moving the calculations out of
TTank, and into TGame, or similar to that.
